in the new hunt is news hunters
today I come to talk about a character
called jack ryan is a character from
fiction an agent of the cia that is work
from the novelist Tom Clancy who passed away
recently and that we have already seen
previously in other films and with
different faces
the first time we saw him in the great
screen was in the red October hunt
who had the ability of alec
baldwin and then we saw him the game of
patriotic patriots with the face
harrison ford and in
happy eminent also with his face
from harrison ford the last time what
we saw it was
nuclear panic and on this occasion he returned
to change face and the protagonist the
in charge of life the agent brian was
ben affleck in an attempt to rejuvenate
to the character and thus be able to extend
let's say the franchise the movie does not
it worked quite well and now they're going
to try again then
is to have the universe of the character and
who knows if they give rise to a new
franchise again with him
with Ryan as the protagonist and who's going
to give life in the new movie because it's going
to be chris pain who is in charge of
make captain kirk in the star network
trek and the movie because it has like
name already brian shadow operation after
the cameras we found ourselves
we find that in the grana
a long- distance direct and expert
in adaptations of de william
shakespeare but lately
is a little more commercial especially
as a result of having directed the first
part of thor the adaptation of
marvel character if you see in the
trailer seems to have only directed this
movie by putting the director's
of reader
has brand has directed movies like
die still
much noise and few nuts' to say to
Peter's friends are also not bad
I remember, but it seems that man
has to eat and then it has gone to a
most commercial cinema
thor did not work badly and now lohan
is the one in charge of putting in images
then the new adventure of jack that there
in what is called jack ryan operation
shadow with one after a rejuvenated already
fall to the one who puts a face
crispín and I entered into the pact then the
own that in the plan based on the bad of
the movie and we can also see
kevin costner that lately then
quite on the screen and that in
April and a girl that many people the
against beautiful and the film
make
Well, many period films and
protagonist of advertising campaigns
of perfumes but I also saw the
I think it's a bit dull
bad actress is eye and little more to leave the
trailer of jack ryan operation shadow
it looks pretty good we'll see how it is
comes the action scenes held
why
at least for me it was the weakest of
all the action scenes
I think the premiere is for this month of
January and do not delay it or for the month that
comes I 'm not sure but good and
we'll see how it works at the box office
this long shadow operation and if it's the
start of a new franchise on the
ok character and leave as a mentalist
I work with what you think of the trailer if
you like the character if you have seen
the previous films or what you
look like that and give it to like its own
to get the freedom of the videos
we have before to be to the last